.\" Man page for lmm profile
.TH LMM-PROFILE 1 "2026-01-29" "lmm" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
lmm profile \- Manage profiles (create, switch, export, import, list, reorder)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lmm profile
\fICOMMAND\fR [\fIARGS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Profiles let you maintain multiple mod configurations per game (e.g. vanilla-plus,
survival, graphics-only). Each profile has its own load order, link method, and
optional configuration overrides (INI tweaks) applied on switch/deploy.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
.B list
List profiles for the game. Shows which profile is default.
.TP
.B create \fINAME\fR
Create a new profile.
.TP
.B switch \fINAME\fR
Switch to a profile: undeploy current profile's mods, deploy the new profile's mods, apply overrides.
.TP
.B delete \fINAME\fR
Delete a profile (mod records and cache are unaffected).
.TP
.B export \fINAME\fR
Export profile to YAML (load order, overrides, link method). Write to stdout or a file with \fB>\fR.
.TP
.B import \fIFILE\fR
Import a profile from YAML. Use \fB--force\fR to overwrite an existing profile.
.TP
.B reorder [\fIMOD_ID\fR ...]
Show or set load order. With no arguments, prints current order. With mod IDs, sets order (first = lowest priority).
.TP
.B sync
Update profile YAML to match currently installed mods (add/remove mods).
.TP
.B apply
Install and enable mods to match the profile (deploy missing mods).
.SH OPTIONS (global)
.TP
.BR \-g ", " \-\-game\fR=ID
Game ID (required unless default is set).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR lmm (1),
.BR lmm-list (1),
.BR lmm-deploy (1),
.BR lmm-install (1).
