.\" Man page for lmm
.TH LMM 1 "2026-01-29" "lmm" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
lmm \- Linux Mod Manager \- terminal-based mod manager for Linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lmm
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIARGS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lmm
is a terminal-based mod manager for Linux. It provides a CLI for searching,
installing, updating, and managing game mods from sources like NexusMods.
.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-config\fR=DIR
Config directory (default: ~/.config/lmm).
.TP
.BR \-\-data\fR=DIR
Data directory (default: ~/.local/share/lmm).
.TP
.BR \-g ", " \-\-game\fR=ID
Game ID to operate on (or set default with \fBlmm game set-default\fR).
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Verbose output.
.TP
.BR \-\-no-hooks
Disable all hooks.
.TP
.BR \-\-json
Output in JSON format (list, status, search, update, conflicts, verify, mod show). On error with \fB--json\fR, prints \fB{"error":"..."}\fR to stdout.
.TP
.BR \-\-no-color
Disable colored output (also respects NO_COLOR env).
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B auth
Authenticate with mod sources (e.g. NexusMods).
.TP
.B game
Game management (set-default, show-default, clear-default, detect).
.TP
.B search
Search for mods.
.TP
.B install
Install a mod.
.TP
.B list
List installed mods.
.TP
.B uninstall
Uninstall a mod.
.TP
.B update
Check and apply mod updates. If some mods cannot be checked (e.g. deleted or private), partial results are shown and a warning is printed to stderr.
.TP
.B profile
Manage profiles (create, switch, export, import, list).
.TP
.B deploy
Deploy mods to game directory.
.TP
.B purge
Remove deployed mods from game directory.
.TP
.B verify
Verify cached mod file integrity.
.TP
.B conflicts
Show file conflicts in the current profile.
.TP
.B status
Show configured games and status.
.SH EXIT CODES
0 success, 1 error, 2 user cancelled.
.SH FILES
.TP
~/.config/lmm/config.yaml
Global configuration.
.TP
~/.config/lmm/games.yaml
Game definitions.
.TP
~/.local/share/lmm/lmm.db
Database (metadata, tokens).
.TP
~/.local/share/lmm/cache/
Mod file cache.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR lmm-install (1),
.BR lmm-list (1),
.BR lmm-search (1),
.BR lmm-status (1),
.BR lmm-verify (1),
.BR lmm-game (1),
.BR lmm-profile (1),
.BR lmm-update (1),
.BR lmm-mod (1),
.BR lmm-conflicts (1),
.BR lmm-deploy (1),
.BR lmm-purge (1).
.PP
Full documentation: https://github.com/DonovanMods/linux-mod-manager
